## About Me
My name is Brian Kilfeather, and I'm a marketing major here at Christopher Newport University. This is my fourth year in college and my third different school. Originally, I attended the University of Mary Washington, but I made a decision for the **brand** to get a job and attend my local community college. Testing out different classes and schools I was unsure of what I really wanted to do in college. Now, I'm at a university that I love, and I'm starting to figure out what I want to do moving forward. 

After graduating, I want to pursue a job in marketing hopefully either in D.C. or a bigger city. While I attended community college, I worked at a restaurant inside of a five-star resort in Middleburg, Virginia called Salamander. Working here helped me create a better work ethic and introduced me to a lot of people that I looked forward to seeing every day. I want to take on the best opportunity possible, but I hope that in the future I can work with a team similar to the one I had at Salamander.  

One of the biggest hobbies I bond over with my friends and family is sports or any competition in general. My dad and I are firm believers that college basketball is the hypest competitive sport of all time, specifically march madness, and I can say that gladly as a Villanova fan. My group of buddies and I are unfortunately D.C. sports fans, but we say that with pride. After seasons of watching our teams play under expectations, I try to convince myself that anything can happen. This mentality usually stems from one quote in the movie Miracle. 
> "One game; if we played them ten times, they might win nine. But not this game, not tonight. Tonight, we skate with them. Tonight we stay with them, and we shut them down because we can" - Herb Brooks

I try to think that if the 1980's American hockey team can beat the Soviet Union in the Olympics, then the **Washington Wizards** can make the playoffs.

In my past time, I listen to music, watch tv/movies, and play video games as a way to keep in touch with my friends especially now because of Covid. I generally have one playlist repeating the same songs over and over, but I ultimately end up listening to Mac Miller half the time I play music. I believe that Matt Damon and Ben Affleck wrote the greatest movie of all time in __Good Will Hunting__. I'll play any kind of video game that keeps me in touch with my friend group.  
