# Grant Reflection and Digital Humanities
## By Brian Kilfeather

For my project I am creating an interactive website of all the African American museums listed in the United States. This idea caught my interest because museums are one of the best ways to learn about our past in an interactive way. I thought that African American history in the United States carried a significant amount of importance to our past. So, logistically I figured that creating a Digital Humanities project of an interactive map on all the African American museums would be a good way to incentivize people to go out to a local museum and learn something new. 
	
	Originally my plans on the abstract were very similar to my idea now, however, I figured out that gaining research on every museum would be too difficult and takeaway the incentive to go in person and learn. After cementing in my idea, I found multiple projects related to mine that I talked about in my environmental scan. One of the most notable ones is called, “Mapping Cultural Philanthropy” created by Dumbarton Oaks. This DH project highlighted the history of the philanthropy that led to the creations of cultural institutions in Washington, D.C. This project mapped a smaller more detailed area, whereas I was going for a map of the whole country. 
	Writing a grant educated me on how much detail and work go into a digital humanities website. When we reviewed the first two DH projects, I thought it was interesting how much detail went into all the tabs, interactive maps/timelines, and the writing as a whole. Originally my first DH blog review was a hectic interactive map on historical figures, and I pointed out multiple flaws. The fact is that there are going to be tons of websites that aren’t perfectly made, but sometimes their purpose and how they execute getting that across visitors’ minds is bigger than the imperfections. 
	In the first couple weeks of class, we reviewed different definitions of Digital Humanities from multiple different people. I was completely lost. Now I feel like I can grasp my own definition on what DH truly is. I feel like Digital Humanities is a way to create, learn, and or interact with a project/website that’s purpose is to leave the visitor with an educational understanding of what they just viewed. I feel like Dr. Stover did a phenomenal job of teaching me at least on what DH truly is. By reviewing and critiquing different DH projects I continually understood more and more what a DH project entails. 
	Most of the readings gradually improved my DH understanding and writing as a whole. One of my favorites was called, “Shitty First Drafts” by Anne Lamott. I found comfort in reading this because I often hate what I write and find it difficult not to restart from the beginning. In the image below, I explain in my tweet my original opinion on the writing.
I think that connecting with the class over tweeting also helped give me different perspectives on the content we viewed weekly. Also, there were a couple readings that helped structure my assignments such as “Dr. Karen’s Foolproof Grant Template” that gave a good visual representation of what we should be doing. 
	Throughout the semester I have thoroughly enjoyed this class. My favorite assignment is definitely the grant and creating an idea for a DH website. I think that implementing a creative aspect for an assignment allows everyone to do something of their interest. I think my least favorite project was the TEI project. I found this project a bit tedious and I noticed that when I turned it in that I had a few mistakes here and there. Nonetheless, all these projects helped better my understanding of DH as a whole. 
	Over the course of this semester, I came into this class not knowing a single thing about digital humanities. I thought that we were going to review different social media applications such as twitter, Facebook and Instagram or just interactive websites in general. However, Dr. Stover taught us that not everything digital is digital humanities. As a digital humanist Dr. Stover helped me understand that there needs to be an educational/scholarly purpose and a unique way of allowing visitors to interact with that. This class as a whole has changed how I view projects and the structure of a piece of writing as a whole.

